Deprecate the HTML tags in SEO and Settings (#14396)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

- [Authentication] The method `Pimcore\Tool\Authentication::authenticateHttpBasic()` has been deprecated and will be removed in Pimcore 11.
- [Authentication] The method `Pimcore\Tool\Authentication::authenticatePlaintext()` has been deprecated and will be removed in Pimcore 11.
- [Google] Classes `Google\Cse` and `Google\Cse\Item` are deprecated and will be removed in Pimcore 11.

> - [Page] Deprecated the `metatdata` functionality in Settings section of document.

Reviewer: suggesting something like
```suggestion
- [Document] Deprecated the `HTML-Tags` field under the `SEO & Settings` panel of Document/Page, `setMetaData()` and `getMetaData()`
```
